https://codepen.io/KirstenSy/pen/JjdXrad
   
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Using HTML tags that have meaning, which are the ones built into the language.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It is used for putting content on a webpage.
        
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        An attribute gives more data to the element. It goes inside the element tag, after the element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag signifies that the content inside it is important. It can be used as many times as needed.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The "a" tag requires the "href" attribute, and the "img" tag requires the "src" attribute.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        Styles and other information that is not visible on the actual webpage goes in the head.

    7. What is an id? 
        An id is an attribute that assigns a name to one specific element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        An id can be added to any element.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Only once.

    10. What is a class? 
        A class is an attribute that assigns a name to an element or multiple elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        A class can be added to any element.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you need to.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Use the target attribute set to "_blank" in the anchor tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        It is used for describing a picture in an img tag in case the picture cannot be loaded.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        #idName {
        }

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section is semantic, a div is not.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        For styling the HTML on a webpage

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        elementName {
        }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A specific class can be applied to multiple elements, whereas a specific id can only be applied to one specific element.
        A class might be used when you need to style multiple elements all in the same way, but they have different tags.
        An id might be used because it has a higher specificity weight than a class, or if you only want to refer to one specific element.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className {
        }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {
        }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        A parent child selector selects certain children of a parent.
        parentSelector childSelector {
        }
        This is useful when you want to style the children of a specific parent, and no other elements of that type.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        a.sidebar {
        }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A pseudo selector is something added to a selector that lets you style that selector when it is in a certain state or situation.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        The line-height property

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        The letter-spacing property

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        * {
            text-transform: uppercase;
        }
        * {
            text-transform: lowercase;
        }
        * {
            text-transform: capitalize;
        }

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {
        }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* your comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        The file you are in is listed to the left of your cursor in command line, between the : and the name$
        your-computer:file-you-are-in name$

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        type "ls" and press enter

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        type "rm fileName" and press enter
        This permanently deletes the file without asking for confirmation, so you must be careful about what you delete.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Version control allows you to revert to a previous version of your code, see what changes you have made, branch the code out and merge it into one document.
        You should use it so that you can see what changes you have made, revert to previous versions, and have more control over the code when working in teams.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Commit every 10-15 minutes or so, when you are at a good stopping point.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push origin your-branch-name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        First, fork the assignment on github.
        Add your TLs as collaborators.
        Clone the repo onto your computer.
        Create your own branch.
        Code.
        Add, commit, and push the code as you go.
        When you are done, add, commit with the message "mvp complete", and push to github.
        On github, submit a pull request with your forked repo as the base and your TL as a reviewer.
        Finally, wait for your pull request to be merged.


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 